one of the greatest advances of the
post-internet world is the ability for
people to go online and enjoy and
discover fringe obscure fantasies
I mean before the Internet who would
have guessed that so many people would
be into inflation the fantasy of blowing
yourself up like a big balloon
illustrated by the Sonic the Hedgehog
image as for some reason the Sonic the
Hedgehog community is always at the
forefront of any paraphilia or how about
war the fantasy of being swallowed whole
and digested once again illustrated by
the Sonic the Hedgehog image but what if
instead of being swallowed whole you
prefer to be devoured piece by piece in
that case you might have visited the
forum named the cannibal cafe or one of
its many cousins but for at least two
visitors of these forums the fantasy
alone was just not enough so for today's
episode of tales from the internet let's
talk about arm and Mayas the man who ate
his internet date
you
this video is sponsored by shudder
shudder is my favorite streaming service
brought to you by AMC and it focuses on
horror movies suspense and thrillers
when you scroll through their
collections it's really obvious that
their selection is curated by real
horror fans and if you're watching this
video and you just have an interesting
cannibal stuff in general they have the
two most classic cannibal horror movies
that exist cannibal ferox account of the
Holocaust and because their selection is
so expansive sometimes you're just
looking for a type of movie and you find
something like if you're watching me on
stream or Instagram is so you've saw
that I was talking a lot about the
mutilator slash fall break which I just
happened to come across when I was
looking for a cheesy aty slasher and
they also have exclusives
such as one cut of the dead and tigers
are not afraid you can subscribe for
either $5.99 a month or fifty $6.99 a
year dab back just to the Internet's
largest horror movie collection and
you'll have unlimited ad-free access and
all of your devices your PC iOS Android
Xbox one Alden to try shudder for free
for 30-days just go to shudder calm and
use code Wang the story of Armin my vez
the man who ate another man that he met
online is probably one of the most
famous stories of a person killing
someone they met on the Internet but as
I realized while researching this video
even if you're familiar with this story
there's a good chance that you've heard
some incorrect information about it
comparing posts that I found about it on
the Internet Archive and comparing it to
what the media said it a lot of the
articles led to be finding some
inconsistencies but to tell this story
first we've got to begin with the online
cannibal community
[Music]
let's begin by talking about a website
called necro babes comm Negro babes
began in the late 90s and described
itself as erotic horror for adults it
served as a hub for a few independently
managed subscription-based sites each of
these sites contained fantasy content
that featured only consenting models it
also had a sister site necro babes org
and this site featured a number of free
sites and one of these sites was the
cannibal cafe owned by a user named
perro loco the cannibal cafe contained
content such as a guest book guides on
how to train human cattle and tutorials
on how to properly impale and cook a
person it would also eventually get its
own forums
welcome to the cannibal cafe message
board this board is like the rest of the
website has been provided by necro babes
dot-com via their necro babes dork
server they provided all server space
and bandwidth so please take the time to
visit them and check out what they have
to offer this community meanwhile we
here at the cannibal cafe in association
with the California and Midwest human
female Stockmen's Association hope that
you will use and enjoy this forum for
the exchange of messages and notices I
will attempt to answer all messages
directed at me or the C and M hf sa and
will make every attempt to respond to
your concerns promptly please feel free
to offer suggestions concerning what you
would like to see added to the website
and feel free to write to me personally
and/or to send messages and stories or
any content that you would like to see
on the site as far as this forum is
concerned please don't post any underage
stuff and please refrain from personal
invective spam and other obnoxious
activities thanks and welcome peril and
right out the gate the cannibal cafe
already had a somewhat active community
having its roots back in old Usenet
forms as well as an IRC chat and here's
how a typical cannibal cafe post would
look I am available posted by Kat hi
I am 5 foot 9 inches tall long red hair
down
the middle of my back blue eyes and very
plump large Sica I have nice hands or
rump roast as you would like
how would you cook me and do you have an
official brand I could be branded with
willing to be a pig or a cow
deer calf sounds yummy I think that it
would be for the best particularly if
you want all the potential buyers and
meat graders to be aware of you would be
for you to download one of the Tube
downloadable versions of the livestock
application found on the website yeah
there was a livestock application that
you could fill out and submit although I
don't know why there's a volunteer or
involuntary thing to check off I mean
fulfilling out the form clearly its
voluntary right I mean unless someone's
forcing me to fill out the form but at
that point it seems like you're just
kind of adding a weird amounts of
bureaucracy into your fetish but I guess
that's how just some people need to
interface with the world
although the site's community was mostly
insular there was one user who would
eventually bring it to the international
spotlight
[Music]
armen my vez was an ATM and computer
repairman from Germany with a troubled
youth his interest in cannibalism was
apparent early as he'd become obsessed
with Hansel and Gretel
he was particularly excited by the part
where the witch wants to fatten up the
kids to eat them in court he recalled
that he would often fantasize about
eating his friends as young as 12 years
old however his friends were relatively
few and his mother who brought him up by
herself after his father left was very
overbearing an article that appeared in
the age describes their relationship my
versus mother was domineering berating
him loudly and publicly living with him
until her death accompanying him on
dates and even going along on troop
outings in the early 1980s when he
joined the German army Midas claimed
that such treatment led him to create
Frankie an imaginary brother who
listened to him although their
relationship was somewhat strained he
was very dependent on her and her death
was ultimately the catalyst that sent
him down the path that would make him
one of the Internet's most infamous
killers crime and investigation explains
in 1999 my versus mother died and left
him the family's large mansion house in
am stuntin totally alone for the first
time in his life without the demands of
his controlling mother he reportedly
constructed a shrine to her in the house
complete with a plastic mannequin that
he would lay on a pillow each night the
parallels to Ed Gein are very apparent
here after his mother's death he also
developed an interest in internet
pornography particularly that featuring
torture and pain and through these
internet sites my vus found his way into
his first chat rooms about cannibalism
taking on the name of his imaginary
brother Frankie he would often post
accountable forums it was in these posts
that he would look for people who wanted
to be eaten in total he responded to 200
four different people responding to
these requests however as I explained
earlier these people are mostly there
just for the fantasy the idea of being
eaten excites them but it's not exactly
something that they intend to really go
through with and this frustrated Armin
wasn't until February of 2001 two years
after his mother's death that arm and my
vez would encounter someone else who was
truly about this life a man by the name
of burden Juergen Brandis whose name I
definitely mispronounced as a software
engineer Brad this had a bit in common
with my VA's professionally and like my
VC also grew up in a single-parent
household this time being raised by his
dad after his mother's apparent suicide
and like Armand he was in it for more
than just the fantasy and here's where
as I mentioned before we start to see
the inconsistencies in the reporting of
the story it was reported pretty much
everywhere that these two men met on the
cannibal cafe forums when I mentioned on
my twitch stream that I was making this
video people even said oh yeah the
cannibal cafe guy and that's what it
says on Wikipedia but when I was looking
through the Internet Archive for the
posts I noticed something the capital
cafe forums didn't even exist until
April of 2001 more than a month after
these two men allegedly made contact so
at first I'm looking through the
guestbook thinking maybe these boomerang
supporters thought a guestbook was the
same thing as the forum maybe they meant
the IRC chat or something like that but
then I came across a leader post by
peril local himself on another forum
explaining what happened regarding arm
and my vez arm and my bus' did in fact
post his trolls on a previous
incarnation of this forum which was
known as the cannibal cafe and was
hosted by necro babes
however hare Mavis did not meet Jurgen
Braun this in that venue they met in a
more-or-less gay cannibal yahoo group
which I was able to point out to the
German federal police after I was
interviewed by a TV crew from there
Spiegel TV magazine within a few days of
the - arrest at the time I was living in
Toronto and the cannibal cafe was
literally flooded off the web by a
concentrated well organised flood of
traffic that originated in Germany where
it was widely believed that the cowbell
cafe was the venue where Armin
I've arranged to have dinner with Haier
Brandis and it was on the gay cannibal
yahoo group and not the cannibal cafe
that Armen my vez with make his posts
looking for an 18 to 30 fit young man
looking to be eaten and after he began
talking to Jurgen Braun this in February
they made arrangements to meet on March
9th before meeting they would exchange a
few messages with each other
[Music]
the beginning of the chat log would
start with cater 99 to which you would
type hello and tropica stood reply hi
cater what do you do professionally that
you're up so late at night
cater 99 we reply I can't sleep well
anymore because of our meeting to which
entropic is to say that's a sensible
reason yesterday I was incredibly tired
it was a stressful day caterer would
mention I'm in telecommunications and
entropica stood say oh that sounds
interesting cater 99 with state I
believe you to which and tropic Asst I'm
looking forward to our meeting it'll
definitely be really cool I want it to
be I hope it's really cool are you
setting an alarm clock and traffic you
said right it's only a few days until
March 9th and cater would respond still
I would have rather met you yesterday
and felt your teeth and traffickers
would write one can't have everything
there's still some time before you
really feel my teeth cater would write I
hardly know what to expect
have you slaughtered a man before
interoffice would respond unfortunately
only in my dreams but in my thoughts I
do it every night to which caters
response would be so I'm the first you
have eaten human flesh before or you
haven't in traffic is to respond no you
don't exactly find it in the supermarket
unfortunately cater 99 would then say
how do you know if it'll taste good deal
or that the blood won't make you sick to
which n Tropius would write I'm reading
myself with my dreams once I was so
excited I grabbed a needle and drew my
own blood as so I could drink it and
cater it right and your blood it tasted
good to you to which the follow-up from
entropica would write it was quite tasty
once I was drilling some holes and the
drill slipped right into my hand that
was a real treat blood is the juice of
life it contains everything a person
needs for nutrition to which cater it
right then I hope you won't wilt that
you can really see it through without a
problem
- which entropic aswer then right
okay to bite into your dick will
certainly not be easy living flesh is
somewhat more resistant than fried but
one thing is certain our dream will be
fulfilled to which cater would follow up
but there's not so much in it as there
is in muscle and tropica sir then say
yeah but the penis is principally a
spongy material filled with blood cater
99 before both of our sakes I hope
that's true I hope you have also already
thought about what's to be done with the
rest fulfilling the dream it shouldn't
become a nightmare for you no one will
know where I've disappeared to
interoffice wood right after you're dead
I'll take you out and expertly carve you
up except for a pair of knees and some
fleshy trash there won't be much of you
left
cater 99 there will be a good bid like
the knees I hope you have a good hiding
place for them and trough kisses then
say I'll dry out the knees and grind
them up soon after and then caterer
would say okay they're good as
fertilizer I heard that once I see
you've thought about it good
it sounds like I'm the first in traffic
as would say and you won't be the last
hopefully I've already considered
catching a young person from the street
but I'd rather kill only those who want
to be killed back to cater that also
doesn't sound bad but yeah seeing as
it's not so totally legal this in my
eyes is better than yanking someone
directly off the street and the last
message in tropics would then say
exactly I'd do it if it were legal
[Music]
after many restless nights March 9th
came around and Jurgen Braun dismayed
his way to Armen my vyses home the
entire encounter was recorded on video
after having sex the two men went about
their previously agreed-upon plan of
eating Braun this is penis as an
ex-boyfriend the brownest is explained
the court this was one of his greatest
fantasies after telling the court that
mostly Braun this wasn't happy he was
addicted to sex he went on to explain
that Braun this frequently asked him to
either cut off or bite off or eat his
penis once I brought a knife to him
during sex and told him I was going to
cut it off and I thought it was fantasy
Emmanuel said pausing to cry before
finishing unfortunately he really had
done at first my best ride to bite it
off but as he had previously theorized
in their chat this is a bit too
difficult to do so he had broadened
let's take a cocktail of sleeping pills
cold medicine and alcohol to numb the
pain and then he chopped the thing off
it was still too difficult to eat so
Armen tried frying it up with some
garlic however since you know this was
his first time trying to cook a penis he
didn't do such a great job of it burnt
it and you wanna be able to feed it to
his dog on Braun das's request he poured
a bath for him to bleed out and die
peacefully in while Jurgen sat in the
tub my vez read a Star Trek novel in the
other room several hours passed though
and Braun this was still alive and
suffering so my bus' decided to put him
out of his misery by stabbing him in the
throat he then proceeded to hang him
upside down by his legs and butcher him
like a cow and although this video has
never emerged online screenshots of it
have been linked and they can be found
but obviously I can't show it to you on
YouTube when the process of butchering
Brandis was done my VA's kept him in his
freezer where he would sporadically take
a piece of him out to eat with a meal he
claimed that every time he ate a piece
they grew closer the Braun dhis meat
lasted him approximately 10 months and
during that time he continued to post on
the cannibal cafe looking for more
people
although these posts did get responses
to anybody's knowledge might
never met anybody else from these forums
presumably few of them met his
requirements such as you know this 38
year old man tried to meet up with him
a guy named Britt I guess the little 38
it's too old yucky as a redditor remark
reading the archive of this post it said
but also funny of that dude Britt
replied trying to get eaten even posting
his email but getting ignored like I
wonder how his life is now that no one
ate him
ultimately it was Arman's continued a
hunger that would lead to his
comeuppance
[Music]
it was in December of 2002 that an
unsuspecting college student happened
upon the cannibal cafe forums he was
horrified by what he found at
immediately reported it to the police
the police would find Frankie's numerous
posts looking for men to eat and wound
up raiding his home when the police got
there they discovered what remaining
bits of Broadus they were under a stack
of pizza boxes they also found the
videotape they made Armin was arrested
and the case immediately became a
massive international spectacle and it
also brought up kind of an interesting
debate I mean considering that the
victim was consenting and very
enthusiastic about it how much of a
crime was it really I mean I thought we
believed in freedom a little granted
this did take place in Germany so you
know it was taking them a while to
figure out how they actually wanted to
prosecute him especially considering
that the lawyers discovered that the act
of cannibalism itself was not illegal in
Germany ultimately in July of 2003 he
was formally charged with murder
focusing on the fact that this crime was
done for the purpose of sexual
satisfaction jurors were shown the
footage and they heard testimony from
character witnesses ultimately in
January arm nua sentenced to eight years
for manslaughter and some people thought
this was a bit too severe of a sense
considering the consensual nature of the
act but a German Court disagreed in fact
they disagreed so much that they decided
to put him on trial again this time in
2005 and now they had a psychologist who
testified that Armin had a high chance
of reoffending this was due to the fact
that he still had continued fantasies
about cannibalism and at the conclusion
of this trial he would receive a life
sentence which he is still serving to
this day
[Music]
as a result of this trial as well as
another case in which a woman named
Diane Holik was murdered by a necro
babes user by asphyxiation there was an
increased push to censor these kinds of
websites necro babes published the
response on their home page a word about
censorship these sites deal with very
politically incorrect fantasies if you
do not have these sorts of fantasies you
will likely find them shocking if not
offensive our sites are not for you
please go away
among those who are offended there are
those who would wish us censored their
assertion is that these web sites
inflame the lusts of the viewers
normalize the idea of violence and
thereby drive the viewer to commit acts
of violence mimicking what they view on
these sites is the same sort of theory
that drives the forces of censorship
everywhere for all manner of things that
people would censor yeah there is no
evidence for such a link between those
who commit acts of rape and violence and
their consumption of pornography other
than the fact that many people who
commit acts of violence also consume
pornography many dentists also consume
pornography does pornography also lead
to dentistry if the logic applies to one
the same logic must apply to the other
the vast preponderance of people who
consume pornography never commit any
crime at all the material we produce is
fanciful even cartoonish in many regards
there is nothing realistic about it our
viewers know this far from normalizing
violence it relegate sits squarely into
the realm of fantasy time and time again
we harp to our members that as long as
you don't harm anyone as long as you
keep things safely in the realm of
fantasy but you use the fiction and
imagery found on these sites as a mere
virtual realization of a fantasy you are
fine harm no one keep it in fantasy and
you are okay you are a decent human
being unfortunately there are people in
this world in all walks of life who
value their own pleasure more than they
value the well-being of other people
such monstrous individuals will do
monstrous things and so thankfully
aren't infinitesimal
already when it comes to any gathering
of human beings a person who has these
violent fantasies however and yet does
not value their own pleasure more than
the life and well-being of other people
such a person will not harm another
person it is not the absence or presence
of such fantasies that drives people to
acts of violence or not it is the
absence or presence of a conscience in
any community of thousands they are
going to be those sorts of people who
lack a conscience
it is unfortunate that the actions of
those few among us who lack conscience
would cause the censors to wishes all
harm I would however ask those who would
be tempted to censor to please stop for
a moment and think again ultimately the
attempts to take down necro beads failed
and the sight would last until 2009 I
would also make a brief return in 2013
although as of me making this video it's
no longer online and although the
cannibal cafe itself was taken down by
that denial-of-service attack in 2002
the online cannibal community is very
much still alive and as for Armand
Maya's himself since his time in jail
he's become a vegetarian and that's all
for the story of the man who ate his
internet date if you liked this video
you'll probably also like my video about
the Chinese man you ate a baby about
here